#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-lint.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
django==4.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
django-stubs==4.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-lint.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==4.2.5
    # via django-stubs
djangorestframework-stubs==3.14.4
    # via -r requirements-lint.in
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   types-factory-boy
faker==19.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   factory-boy
graphene-stubs==0.16
    # via -r requirements-lint.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
mypy==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-lint.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   graphene-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
numpy==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas-stubs
pandas-stubs==2.1.1.230928
    # via -r requirements-lint.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   faker
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
ruff==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements-lint.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django
types-factory-boy==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements-lint.in
types-orjson==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements-lint.in
types-pytz==2023.3.1.1
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   pandas-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.12
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via djangorestframework-stubs
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   graphene-stubs
    #   mypy
    #   types-factory-boy
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
